#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=all.txt all.in
#
aiohttp==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   facebook-business
amqp==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   kombu
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   virtualenv
arrow==0.14.7
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   tapioca-wrapper
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==20.2.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   aiohttp
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   ipython
bandit==1.7.0
    # via -r dev.txt
barnum==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
beautifulsoup4==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   bs4
    #   pynliner3
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   celery
boltons==16.5.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
boto3==1.17.97
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
botocore==1.24.8
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.0.9
    # via -r heroku.txt
bs4==0.0.1
    # via -r dev.txt
celery-persistent-revokes==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
certifi==2017.11.5
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cfgv==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   pre-commit
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   aiohttp
charset-normalizer==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   pip-tools
coverage==6.2
    # via -r dev.txt
cssutils==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   pynliner3
curlify==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   facebook-business
decorator==5.0.9
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-svg-image-form-field
diff-match-patch==20181111
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-import-export
distlib==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   virtualenv
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django==2.2.27
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-admin-sortable
    #   django-admin-views
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   django-hashid-field
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-inlinecss
    #   django-js-reverse
    #   django-localflavor
    #   django-log-request-id
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-naomi
    #   django-recaptcha
    #   django-render-block
    #   django-s3direct
    #   django-storages
    #   django-svg-image-form-field
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-rw-serializers
    #   model-bakery
django-admin-rangefilter==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-admin-sortable==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-admin-views==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-anymail==1.4
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-autocomplete-light==3.8.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-braces==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-cache-memoize==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-celery-beat==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-celery-results==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-cors-headers==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-debug-toolbar==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-debug-toolbar-request-history
django-debug-toolbar-request-history==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-extensions==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-filter==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-froala-editor==2.9.3
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-hashid-field==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-impersonate==1.4
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-import-export==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-inlinecss==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-js-reverse==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-jsonfield==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-auditlog
django-jsonfield-compat==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-auditlog
django-lifecycle==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-localflavor==2.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-log-request-id==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-model-utils==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   celery-persistent-revokes
django-naomi==0.8
    # via -r dev.txt
django-nested-admin==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-object-actions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-recaptcha==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-redis==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-render-block==0.5
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-templated-email
django-s3direct==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-solo==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-storages==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-svg-image-form-field==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-templated-email==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-test-plus==1.4.0
    # via -r dev.txt
django-timezone-field==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
django-webpack-loader==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
django-widget-tweaks==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
djangorestframework==3.11.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   drf-exceptions-hog
drf-exceptions-hog==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
drf-rw-serializers==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   openpyxl
facebook-business==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   virtualenv
flake8==3.9.2
    # via -r dev.txt
freezegun-vinta==0.3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
future==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   barnum
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.17
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   bandit
gunicorn==19.9.0
    # via -r heroku.txt
hashids==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-hashid-field
html5lib==1.0.1
    # via -r dev.txt
identify==2.2.10
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   pre-commit
idna==2.6
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipython==7.24.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   traitlets
jdcal==1.3
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   openpyxl
jedi==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   ipython
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonobject==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   taxjar
klaviyo==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
kombu==4.6.11
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   celery
lxml==4.7.1
    # via -r dev.txt
matplotlib-inline==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   flake8
mixpanel==4.3.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
mock==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-inlinecss
model-bakery==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
more-itertools==8.8.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
multidict==4.7.6
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nodeenv==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   pre-commit
odfpy==1.3.6
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   tablib
openpyxl==2.4.9
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   tablib
parso==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   jedi
pbr==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   mock
    #   stevedore
pep517==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   ipython
phonenumbers==8.12.17
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   ipython
pillow==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-svg-image-form-field
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r dev.txt
pre-commit==2.13.0
    # via -r dev.txt
pretty-cron==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   ipython
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   pexpect
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   flake8
pycountry==20.7.3
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   facebook-business
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   ipython
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   twilio
pynliner3==0.6
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-inlinecss
python-crontab==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   django-auditlog
    #   freezegun-vinta
    #   python-crontab
python-decouple==3.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
python-http-client==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   sendgrid
python-monkey-business==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-nested-admin
pytz==2018.9
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   twilio
pyyaml==5.4
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   bandit
    #   pre-commit
    #   tablib
redis==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-redis
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   curlify
    #   django-anymail
    #   facebook-business
    #   klaviyo
    #   responses
    #   stripe
    #   tapioca-wrapper
    #   taxjar
    #   twilio
responses==0.10.15
    # via -r dev.txt
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   boto3
sendgrid==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
sentry-sdk==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
simplejson==3.17.5
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   klaviyo
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   bandit
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-nested-admin
    #   django-templated-email
    #   facebook-business
    #   freezegun-vinta
    #   html5lib
    #   jsonobject
    #   mixpanel
    #   mock
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-monkey-business
    #   responses
    #   tapioca-wrapper
    #   twilio
    #   virtualenv
smmap==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   gitdb
sqlparse==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   bandit
stripe==2.55
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
tablib==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   django-import-export
tapioca-wrapper==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
taxjar==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
tblib==1.3.2
    # via -r dev.txt
testfixtures==6.17.1
    # via -r dev.txt
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   pep517
    #   pre-commit
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
twilio==6.51.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   aiohttp
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   tablib
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
vinta-django-waffle==0.15.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
virtualenv==20.4.7
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   html5lib
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   pip-tools
whitenoise==4.1.4
    # via -r heroku.txt
xlrd==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   tablib
xlsxwriter==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   tablib
xmltodict==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   tapioca-wrapper
yarl==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r dev.txt
    #   -r heroku.txt
    #   aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
